so I want to greet you palm players you
technical commission effect you guys are wonderful
What you did you managed to lose the classification for the final of the
South American Cup a second division team, well you too
it's more like to form a second division team to play this
adopt yawn the worse is not this we cease co
this is it
the toy
Zico football today
The little player knows in a move of the horses he plays nothing
the coach
nor does he give an interview after the game so the coach knows more
In the case of the interview to the
Congratulations I wanted to greet years in this duel with the goiás alas well of the
game we do not know is that faces the goiás changed who wants the palm trees, right?
the 7 but the goiás at least the final value of the South American Cup he can
until being champion I think it will not be maxi champ erick the ldu defeated by
back and forth in the waves of the students and he gave after all is a beautiful team now
players of the palm trees 6 5
the musician
with 6 5
the whole game you managed to lose in front of 35 40 thousand fans that was the
ala rolou no pacaembu no paulo oak ax to support you all
confident world
but neither the impact of these needed serys dry conception
be by
congratulations rich despot
The other thing is the management of the palm trees deals with making the enem to bag
does a quick action and I think we're going to play to the attack
the withdrawal I hope my reward is the three of them can stay all three until they stop
to play and go to be headlines there if you close the cast not a
off but at 14 o'clock
goes away gávea pea nádia besides leg of stick the guys are so bad of
ball are
the players
I hug you there
made